Okay, let's get started writing our test.
One thing I wanted to mention in Truffle,
anytime you're writing any test files,
they have always to be located in the test directory.
So, if you look in my project folders StarNotary version one, V1.
We also looked at the contracts folder.
We've already looked at the Migrations folder,
where we had the migrations file written,
this one, and now we're looking at the test folder.
Now, all the test files that you want truffle to test,
when you run the command truffle tests,
have to be located in this directory,
and also they need to be ending in the extension.js.
Okay? So, now let's go look at RGS file.
Now, if you look at the very first line,
so first of all I wanted to mention a very simple,
just one test written for now.
We're going to walk through it in quite a bit of detail,
but let's look at the first line for now.
You might be wondering why do we need this.
Just the way you backpack is the truffle box where webpack that we used is set up.
You might get a re-generator error if you don't use this or import this.
You can try it with or without.
I've seen both ways you know based upon the version of
the webpack that you installed at the time you're following this class.
So if you don't get this error, you can always ignore it,
just combing it out, but I've personally seen based upon the version,
and sometimes I just randomly get this error,
typically what it does is that it just brings in
some extra modules that you'll need to regenerate your files.
So try importing it and that should definitely get rid of the error.
So once you have that now,
next thing if you look at this line,
the StarNotary artifacts.requires, starNotary.sol.
Now, before we start writing any of the tests, what do we need?
We need the contract JSON representation,
so we can call functions in it.
It is not what testing is all about so we can
call the functions and make sure that they're behaving the way they should.
So that means we need the contract JSON representation.
This is called the contract abstraction.
Contract abstractions are the only way or the basis for
making contract interaction possible from your JavaScript tests.
So now we need to ask for those contracts explicitly.
Truffle has done a lot of heavy lifting for
us by allowing us to use truffle artifacts library.
So the artifact is basically just a JSON representation of the contract,
from the truffle compile command that regenerate.
Now we can usually see that all of the contract and
JSON format under the Build Contracts folder.
So just like you know,
you want to go explore what's going on,
if you go in the Build folder,
if you go under the contracts folder,
this is where you see when you run the compile commands,
all the JSON files gets stored here.
So all we're doing is we're requiring that in our test files,
we can actually have the abstraction,
so we can actually start writing and calling methods.
Okay, so again we do this by doing artifacts.require method.
A method that is provided by truffle,
that allows us to request
a usable contract abstraction for a specific sort of the deep contract,
from this folder that I just showed you.
All we're doing here is getting the JSON representation of the contract.
Remember we used artifacts.require in the migrations file to deploy the contract, right?
Now, using artifacts.require within
the tests works exactly the same way as it is within the migration.
So you just need to pass the name of the contract.
You write this and that's just the way.
In fact, let me show you the migration file that we had initially.
So let me in fact pull up the right migrations file. This is the one.
So remember we also require the artifacts so it could deploy it,
exactly same way works in this case too.
Okay. So going back to our test file again.
So that's a test file, we're requiring the artifacts and that's it.
So in our next video,
let me walk you through our very simple test.
The [inaudible] testing.
If the name of the contract is set to
Udacity Star that we did in the constructor of the function.
So let's look at that in our next video.